[beeping]
[researcher] He's currently in
a deep REM sleep,
and has been for some time.
He woke up in the posture
like an ascetic monk.
And when it seemed like
he might be awake,
he went back to sleep
for 24 hours.
Makes sense,
since he has zero memory
to speak of.
How are his learning and
cognitive skills
after being revived?
They're all normal.
He's even memorized
30 English words.
However, he doesn't seem
to know
or understand his name
as Jotaro Cujoh.
As for his family,
he shows no reaction, not even
to a picture of his daughter.
His EEG and EKG
read as normal, too.
However, his muscle values
are on the decline.
Having no memories
would indicate
that he naturally has
no motivation
to go on living
as the mind is shutting down.
In response, the muscles begin
to deteriorate quickly.
All right, doctor.
What's the plan?
I don't know yet.
We may have
no other choice here
than to try and get
his memories back.
[researcher gasps]
Doctor, wait!
Don't touch his head!
[glass shatters]
He's injured!
Get him some first aid!
I apologize, doctor. I forgot
to warn you about that before.
Did he just release
his Stand power?
Yes! However, it's actually
not from his memory,
but rather
an instinct of defense.
It says "Jo...lyne"
Wait! "Jolyne"?
No! No way!
It couldn't possibly say!
[pensive music playing]
[Jotaro] I want you to know...
I want you to know
you are always incredibly
important to me.
Holy shit!
Look at the wounds on your arm.
Even though I treated them,
even though I healed them.
They've formed shapes that
spell something out. Clearly.
I'll try healing them again.
No! Wait!
I don't want you to heal this.
[F.F. exhales softly]
[Jolyne] I have no way
to explain it,
but I know...
This is... a message
sent from my dad.
Since before I was even born,
that man has been
watching over so many things.
To keep Mama and I
from being involved
in scenarios exactly
like the ones
that are going on right now.
He made sure to keep
his distance,
knowing that'd help me
stay safe.
Yes, just now, I felt it.
I believe that through my body,
my dad speaks to me.
-Hey, F.F.
-What?
So, could you maybe hook
Jolyne's leg on the stairs?
That'll make her slow down
a little bit and trip.
You want me to do what now?
Like I said,
I want her to trip,
but it's not what you think.
I won't actually allow her
to fall down.
You see, as soon as
she stumbles,
I'm going to catch her
in my arms.
Huh?
The thing is she...
might not understand that
she was protected earlier
because of me.
What I desire is to feel her
in my embrace again.
So, go do it now!
-Come on! Just trip her.
-Sexual harassment and assault?
That's on you, buddy.
I'll tell you again. I'm going
to make Jolyne my wife.
And you are going
to help me with that.
Are you the sort of person
who breaks their promises?
Ugh!
Now, do it!
[F.F. sighs]
[F.F.] I'm sorry, Jolyne,
but I have to.
[gasps]
I caught the small man!
He must have been
spying on us
from the floor above
the whole time.
That's it! He's holding the
bone in his hand, right there!
[man mumbling]
[gasps]
[groans in pain]
[F.F.] Oh, he sure is
a slippery little fucker,
isn't he?
But he won't escape me!
No! Wait!
Something's wrong
with his back.
[mumbling continues]
You said earlier that
he was a small man, right?
He indeed
fit that category before.
-But now, he's somehow...
-[man] Sunbathing...
...getting much taller
before our eyes.
As tall as me.
No, even taller, in fact.
Hey, you're cornered.
No more running away!
Now, face me nice and slow.
[man] Feels good... The sun...
The light...
Hey, I'm talking to you,
asshole. Look at me!
Grrr.
Agh, agh!
[all gasp]
Bleh...
What's wrong with this guy?
[man] Light is... bleh... warm.
It's very lively. Everyone
gathers here and it's so warm.
Bleh.
[ominous music]
[F.F.] What the hell?
His head literally
just exploded.
Do you think
he's a Stand User?
Just stay away. No,
it doesn't look like a Stand.
I don't know what it is,
but whatever we do,
we shouldn't touch him.
[gasps]
Shit! Where'd the bone go?
He was holding it earlier.
What happened?
We have to find it.
[all gasp]
Holy crap!
It's happening
to the other inmates, too?
They're undeniably turning
into plants.
They appear to still
be growing, too.
But why? What's happening
to them all?
Who could have done this?
What possible reason
could anyone have?
[D an' G] Perhaps, I should
think of this
as a Stand power as well.
Of the bone.
It seems like the power and
will fueling this phenomenon,
is, in so doing, attempting
to give life to something
entirely new.
Flowers bloom,
as well as stems, leaves,
even a tiny little trunk.
And at the end of that...
Well then,
what should I do with
the bone that
the small man dropped?
This is a conundrum.
I now know that it's dangerous
to touch the bone.
To say nothing of
touching anyone else
who's come into contact
with it.
[Anastasia gasps]
Stop right there, Jolyne Cujoh!
Don't go any further!
I told you to stop!
[suspenseful music playing]
[gasps]
Turn around and look at me.
I want to see your face now.
-Okay?
-That's good?
Just stay there!
I need to check something.
[grunts softly]
[sniffs]
[gasps]
Hey! Are you out of your mind?
Get away from me!
Anastasia! You pervert!
Be quiet, F.F.!
I'm doing this for a reason.
All the prisoners at
this Discipline Ward
became like this due
to the bone.
It's not an enemy Stand.
The enemy would have used
their power
to attack us first
if that were true.
Also, Jolyne,
I thought that a bit earlier,
with your thread looking
the way it did
that you had touched the bone.
Am I right about that?
[gasps]
Hmm!
[Jolyne gasps]
The bone! It's rolling away!
Huh?
Shit!
You've been infected, Jolyne.
[dramatic music playing]
The hell, no!
Diver Drive!
[F.F.] Nice one!
Anastasia, want to hurry it up?
Yank it all out from inside.
-[Jolyne gasps]
-Wait! You're not finished yet?
It's still growing.
It's not correct or
proper to say
"yank it out" or
"it's growing", F.F.
The body is actually
being transformed into this.
I may not able
to simply rip these off.
-Jolyne, any pain?
-[exhales]
No. But...
This is still bad news, because
it means I touched that bone.
What's more,
since I'm turning floral,
you'd better stay far away
from me.
You might get infected, also.
[grunts]
[F.F.] Ugh!
This is simply a plant.
There's nothing more to it
than that.
I don't know what kind it is,
but I do know
that instead of blood
running through your veins,
there's chlorophyll.
Just know I'm going
to do something about it,
without fail.
Ugh!
[grunts]
It's sunlight!
You have to stay in the shade.
If you go towards or
in the sunlight, it grows fast.
But if you move back into the
shade, the growth calms down.
Stay right where you are.
I don't get it! What is
this thing's purpose, anyway?
I have no idea.
But I've gotta get that bone.
It's the only thing
that matters now.
And how are you gonna do that?
You touch it again,
and you'll turn into
a freaking tree. Forget it!
No, I'm picking it up.
Because I already am one.
[both grunt]
Stop, Jolyne! I said just stay
out of the sunlight. Get back!
[Jolyne] The bone,
where did it go?
Where is it?
If I'm right,
it should have rolled over here
and ended up
by this flower by now.
Wait! Is that a star? And what
is this bruise-like thing?
I can see something showing
through from behind it, too.
[gasps]
Oh, my god! It's a child!
A green child!
What does it look like?
Carrots that are shaped
like Snoopy,
and radishes that look
like big tits,
get harvested from farms
all the time.
This must be like that, too.
I mean,
it definitely looks that way.
[gasps]
It's alive! I woke it up!
No more, Jolyne!
Don't even think about
touching that thing.
Get back here now!
Haven't you noticed?
The roots are wrapping
around your leg
and meshing with it.
[Jolyne] I need to know. Is it a
plant, or is it a human?
It turned the whole
Discipline Ward
into a greenhouse,
connected them by its roots,
then bloomed.
This weird little
fruit baby probably
absorbed the bone
when it was germinating.
And Pale Snake
is here somewhere inside
this prison to find out
what's behind this.
What will come out of this pod?
He's here because
he wants to know
what begins
when it's finally born.
I said get back here, Jolyne!
[Anastasia]
The sun is setting in the Wes,
so the light's getting
stronger and hotter.
If you don't step back,
it's going to get bad.
Seriously?
You're picking that up?
No, F.F.! I would say
it's more like stealing.
I won't let Pale Snake
get his filthy hands on it.
Let's go, Jolyne.
The sooner we get you
away from sunlight, the better.
[F.F.] Anastasia.
Hang on! This building's exit's
West facing.
I don't know how we're gonna
get out of this shithole.
There's at least one more enemy
Stand User here somewhere,
which means we're still
in freak ass danger.
How to escape? How?
-[gasps]
-[man whimpers]
[both gasp]
Please, you guys gotta help me!
Come on! Help me!
I'm freaking out! [whimpers]
I'm begging you!
After everyone drowned,
they turned into grass
and died.
It was terrifying.
[whimpers]
Please, help me!
I'm going to turn into grass,
too! Get me out of here!
Fine! Okay.
First, tell me your name,
and are you hurt at all?
[gasps]
What the fuck, Anastasia?
You realize
he could be an enemy!
Well, is that true? Are you
an enemy and not telling us?
[shaking voice] I have no idea
what you're talking about.
My name is Guccio.
[whimpers]
[voice shaking] I just don't
want to become grass, okay?
Calm down, will you?
I already said it's fine.
Stand up, Guccio. You can
at least do that, can't you?
Come on! Stand up!
[whimpers]
Were you aware
human have 12 pairs
of ribs, 24 in total.
Regardless of people's gender,
weight or height,
-it's the same for everyone.
-[gasps]
All right, you're free to go.
What was that? So, is that guy
an enemy or isn't he?
[Anastasia] Frankly, that's of
no importance to me at all.
The only thing
I'm interested in now
is if we can safely
get out of here
from the East side
of the building.
Are we agreed?
We should want safety.
We should make that
our exit point.
[cracking]
[D an' G] I didn't expect
the green child.
How did it ever come
to this?
I had only the barest
of information.
I have one job and it's simple.
Get rid of Jolyne Cujoh
permanently.
That's all I'm here for.
I just have to make sure
I do that.
[grunts]
Dammit!
Where did Jolyne
and those other two fools go?
Did they possibly manage
to escape and I missed them?
No! There's no way they can get
outside without my seeing them.
Aahh...
Hey you,
what are you doing there?
Hey, I asked you a question.
Where are the other three?
And why haven't you
-turned into a plant yet?
-Outside...
[gasps]
-[Guccio] Outside... Walk...
-[D an' G yells]
-[Guccio groans]
-[D an' G] I'm in agony...
They modified
a human body into a death trap.
[suspenseful music playing]
[grunts in pain]
It hurts.
I've never felt such pain.
[crying]
This is horrible.
I want my mama!
[sobs] My left arm
is useless now! I'm a...
[Guccio] That was
an awful experience.
Pale Snake told me to make them
fight using Survivor,
and I'm pretty sure I did that,
but what really matters now is
yay, finally,
I can go outside
and be in the sun.
[Jolyne] That was close,
but it looks like
we made a clean getaway
from the other Stand User.
[gasps softly]
Look! It's withering.
I guess it was
a temporary thing, anyway.
[Anastasia] The bigger problem
to worry about
is that at any minute,
prison staffer is going
to realize
what happened at
this Discipline Ward.
That's better for us.
Because if they do,
Pale Snake will realize that
at the same time.
And he'll come out
and show his ugly face,
which then gives me
the best chance
to take my dad's
memory disc back.
-[F.F. gasps]
-[chomping]
-Jolyne, look!
-[gasps]
[gulps]
[exhales]
[Jolyne gasps]
Stone Ocean!
Ora!
It's an enemy Stand!
It's probably the one
that belongs
to that guy playing army.
[Jolyne] He took the fruit!
I won't let him have it!
[grunts]
Diver Drive!
[groans]
[moans]
[grunts]
What's going on with his body?
Ugh! My god!
Ew, the stench of him...
It's inside! It's inside! More!
Ugh, dammit! I'm trying
but I can't get in there.
I've gotten close enough
to feel the Stand itself.
Wait! That repulsive odor
is coming from me!
Oh, oh, your shoes.
Are they that dirty
because of what I did?
My, I'm embarrassed.
How could I?
Here! Please, have a seat
on this chair.
I'll lick your shoes clean
for you.
-I lick, lick, lick, ahh.
-[Jolyne grunts in disgust]
While you're waiting,
would you like to read
the manga
I swiped from the guard's room?
[buzzing]
Be careful, there's a bee.
Let me tell you about
my master.
First off, his name is D an' G.
The last I saw of him,
he was in the Discipline Ward.
His left arm was
a bleeding mess
and he was bawling
like a helpless baby.
[munching]
Agh!
Oh, yeah,
a long-range controlled Stand?
It's planning to take the fruit
and run back to its master!
[siren wailing]
They noticed.
They'll be out here any minute.
Jolyne, we have to get out
of here right now.
Let's go to the marshland.
There might be a boat or
at least a water scooter there.
[moans]
[YA-YA MA] Here is how
to differentiate
wild strawberries.
The yellow one is only
a mock strawberry,
so you really can't eat it.
Do you ever shut the fuck up?
[Jolyne] Wait a second!
We can't leave that Stand
where it is.
He swallowed
the green plant baby.
We have to get it
out of him, like now.
Right! I know.
F.F., tell that weirdo
we have to take him with us.
You have to go find
the main body,
and when you do,
blow him off the map.
[F.F.] It's my pleasure!
So, I should go along with you?
Is that right, Master? Goody!
[pants]
[gasps softly]
[YA-YA MA] This is the exclusive
marshland boat, Master.
You're going to love it.
It has a special propeller
powered by the wind to sail.
You might be surprised
how fast it goes.
Damn! What about the engine?
How do I start it?
Is it locked
on this boat somewhere?
It's a throttle lever, Master.
Here, let me show you! Huh!
If you want to get it in gear,
you must shift it
in neutral first. Like so!
[rumbling]
This stick is the rudder.
If you push it forward,
the empennage,
or tail assembly, turns right.
Pull it back, it turns to the
left. Simple as that! Ready?
Yes, untie the anchor rope,
weirdo.
Yes, right away, Master.
[F.F.] Jolyne, don't you dare
take your eyes off that Stand.
[ominous music playing]
As long as you got him
under your watch,
he'll be an excellent servant.
Perfect, even! He's creepy,
but he'll be useful.
However,
if you give him any leeway...
[choking]
Fuck!
It's son of a bitch!
This is way worse
than I imagined.
[breathes heavily]
Jolyne, Anastasia!
Don't take your eyes
off this monster for a second.
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]